every single person my script will go
through individually and ban you from
this community. You'd better end today
with a positive score or you're out of
here. As you all know, I take most of my
creative inspiration from the Chinese
Communist Party. So, today we're
recreating their greatest idea yet, the
social credit system, because I made an
app that tracks the social credit score
of every member of my community. And
best of all, any person can rat out and
update the social credit score of
anybody else by typing their name and
plus two or minus two. And it'll
immediately update their score on this
publicly viewable website. Now, the goal
is to find and root out anybody in my
community who is quote untrustworthy
because that's what the CCP does. I
think I'm going to be honest. I don't
really know what the social credit
system does, but I think the key thing
here is that we ban everybody who's
untrustworthy in my community at the end
of the stream. Here we go. You have to
convince the people that you're
trustworthy or you're [__] Beginning
in three, two, one. As you can see, all
credit store updates are now being
funneled into the social. Okay, all the
all the updates are puddling in here.
All right, here we go. Point Crow
already in the lead with minus 6. Parker
currently has the lead, 26 points. Very
high social credit score. Now, the the
real key is that you can't allow
yourself to have a negative score or you
will die at the end of the stream.
Soviet. Sie, you got to get out of
there. We cr we crash it. We're going to
ban Nightbot. Nightbot is a trustworthy
member of the community. Point has such
a negative score. Why is he have
hundreds more than Lwig?
>> Hey Doug, no idea what's going on, but
I'm just here to say I'm trustworthy.
Glory to the DDP.
>> Is that what this is called? The D the
Doug what party? The Doug Doug party.
Can you modify the score of a user who
isn't online so I can just give my
girlfriend all my social credit or just
nuke close score?
>> What's your girlfriend's username? I
might minus to her if she's not willing
to show up to the stream. That doesn't
sound very trustworthy. Everybody minus
two. That guy's girlfriend. Girlfriend
is now at minus30. Atriarch is still
down there. Dog dog is not crow minus
two. Minus two is at minus 6. Oh, that
guy's girlfriend is misspelled. is at
minus 6. Okay, wait, hold on. Who are
the most trustworthy? I want to focus a
little bit on who are the trustworthies
in our community. The people we really,
really trust are Parkser, Chair, Doug
Doug, Overflow, and Bald. Yes. Wait a
minute. The mods are minus doing each
other. The mods are [__] fighting.
This isn't good. Jaxa, thank you for the
gift. That's a plus two. Can we get a
plus two for Jaxa? He minus two them.
Come on. Okay. All right. We look, we
got to I'm going to purge a couple of
the people who are particularly bad,
right? Like if we know Pro is
untrustable, then we've just got to we
need to look at his history. We're gonna
see just exactly how loyal is this. Doug
time out for 10,000 seconds with reason
evidence is gone. It sounds like there
was a lot of evidence about something
lau deleted by Doug Doug. You were using
curse words in our Christian virgin
stream.
This guy's so untrustworthy. Look how
many times he's been banned. Minus two,
this man. Any final words, you
untrustworthy nar do well heathen of a
man. No, please. I'm sorry. You're
already deep in the hole. It's actually
getting deeper. 1,500.
Failboats at -16. Failboat's a
trustworthy member of this community.
Small antri. Seems like you guys have a
lot of minus twos for streamers. Okay,
we're also eliminating that guy's
girlfriend.
I'm going to be honest. I already feel
safer. Hold on. Hold on. Nightbot is the
automatic program. Nightbot helps
moderate the channel and keep it
functioning. We need Nightbot. Nightbot
went down. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm
understanding something. All the people
who spam annoying [__] in chat and have
been banned by Nightbot are now getting
revenge by trying to say that he's
untrustworthy. Good freaking Lord. What?
What is this username? Oh my god. How
long? Good freaking lord. Dong Dong is
so good at cutting and I love this
string so much, Lau. Good freaking Okay,
so you just copied it over and over. I
think we need to pause for a sec. We
need to pause. All right. All right,
everybody. Everybody chill out. I feel
like we've gotten a little stir crazy
firing off at anybody who's anywhere.
What we need is a strategy to find the
most untrustable people in the
community.
Minus to try to interview the governor
better next time. I think we can all
agree that good freaking lord, there's a
real power struggle happening. I can't
have them threatening me. I can't even
type this. I can't even time out this
person because their name is so long.
I'm removing them from the thing. What
do you mean dace? This isn't a person.
We're not killing some human being. This
is a copy pasta, dude. Hold on. Is a
single jar of mayonnaise. Is this a real
person in our community? Wait. Okay,
that exists. I'm sorry. I just assumed
that this wasn't real. Most recent
message. Why is Doug trying to come up
with ways to make himself gay? I feel
like you should be an untrustable.
Somebody gave my URL minus4. It's a
pretty good website. I'm happy. I'm
proud of it. Oh, good news, guys. Racism
has a score of minus4. To be clear, it's
not as bad as the at symbol. Why does
Jesus have a score of 42 and God has a
score of -300? Bro, Jesus doesn't even
follow me. Minus two. This dude, I think
Jesus is an untrustable and I'm sorry if
I get cancelled for saying it. Sorry if
I'm going too woke, but I don't think
Jesus is a good member of our community.
Nightbot is almost at a thousand. All
right, we got to purge Nightbot. Wait,
mods. Is there a reason I shouldn't do
this? Yes. Don't do it. For the love of
God, please no spam prevention. But look
at how untrustworthy it is. Nobody in
this community has any degree of trust.
Nightbot's been killing the vibes.
Exactly. Free me from this hell. Ban me.
All right, tell you what. If Sikb gets
below Nightbot, we'll automatically take
out Sigp and Nightbot.
I can see the light. You have anything
to say for yourself, Sikb? I have a
final wish. Yes, Sikb, what is your
final wish? Take down Always Eerie with
me. Always Eerie, you're looking a
little untrustworthy. Did you know that
you are actually less trustworthy than
homophobia? Wait, can we talk about this
D face? No, I can't trust you. I don't
even know if I can trust you with your
final words, Erie. Not if people think
you're at a negative 282 score. Big on.
>> What is even going on? This is my first
time donating. You want to actually
purging people right in your videos. No
one gets spammed at all from what I
remember.
>> Oh, you're fine. There are so many
people minus two and you know who is
Goblin Balls? Is that a real person?
They've said one thing ever. Hold hold
your message. Get ready for a judgment
of Goblin Balls. No, this is the entire
contribution of Goblin Balls to the
community. Why were they atgative80?
This guy's more active than Jesus. Who
is Lemon Shook? Pivotal part of this
community and I never knew that. I'm so
sorry. Lemon Shook has one message. How
did you guys even find these people?
Assassinate Sig Freed. That was over a
year ago. Why is this guy plus 168
points? Oh, Uncrustables with 36.
[Applause]
You know, I'd like to take this moment
to give a big plus two to the Chinese
Communist Party. I just really like the
social credit system and it solves
racism and Jesus in my community. And
this doesn't have anything to do with
the fact that I want to go to China
later this year with my two best
friends. And I don't want to be banned
from your beautiful country. So, thank
you Chinese Communist Party. Thank you,
Social Credit System.
Doug's mom is currently in the
positives. Let's keep that going.
>> Guys, I'm currently underneath Mussolini
in the leaderboard. You don't have to
plus two me, but can we minus two him
instead? It would be funny.
>> Muslini has two points in the community.
If you can't even get above that, I'm
sorry. You need to contribute more. Did
you guys know that Star Forge Systems,
the sponsor that I have that offers
really great pre-built PCs that I
genuinely love and it's super great, is
about as bad as genocide? I think the
whole vibe of the social credit system
is just to instill like fear and
paranoia. So, we got to do the same
thing. How do we just like get each
other to be like suspicious of other
people in the community? You know how
after you like during college or
something you like kill a guy and you
hide the body and you're just feeling a
little on edge, right? Just to kind of
try to get ahead of it, you start acting
all positive and all friendly to people,
right? I bet you that's what everybody
donating is doing.
>> Guys, the streamer is very trustworthy.
I think we should all follow his laws.
>> Okay. Not paid actor 35. The following
sets 19 minutes ago. You seem like a
paid actor. Are you even in here? Not
paid actor. You have a score of zero
right now. Okay, now you have 18. As a
reminder, the purge will be happening
soon. You got to get yourself out of
there.
>> This is the last of the bits I bought
and I have an important message to spend
it on. Penis
>> minus two. Okay, I'm asking Chad, what
kind of stuff did the CCP do to
investigate whether people were
trustworthy or not? Okay, the way the
actual CCP did this. Tracking financial
behavior. I think we should minus two
people who haven't subbed on time.
Monitoring social behavior. Okay, we've
been tracking your comments. Employment
and academic records. What do you do for
work? How well do you do it? Have you
been reprimanded? Have you been fired?
Drop in the chat. Everybody look for
those people who look untrustworthy. I'm
in high school. Minus two. You're not
contributing to the economy. I'm a Doug
DD dog mod. Never been fired. Well, you
will be soon if you get minus two.
Unemployed in school with high grades.
Okay. But have you ever had detention? I
sell drugs. I feel like this is a slight
alarm bell.
>> My name is Night_Baver and I'm no
politician. I'm just a fella. I think
beer should be cold and boots should be
dusty. I think 91 was bad and freedom.
Well, I think that's a little bit
better.
>> And now, please judge these people.
>> Doug Douglover 111. Is this real? Why is
this a real person? This is a new
account created an hour ago. who has
nonstop been plus twoing ZFX [__] I
feel like you've been farming your own
points. You personally got yourself to
20 points, huh? You thought we wouldn't
find you, huh? That's awfully
untrustworthy. Both Doug Doug Lover and
Zikox just might receive the wrath of
the community. Wait, so is Z is this
like an account that's older? Wait,
you've been following for like 5 years?
Wait, we don't need to we don't need to
purge. Look, they it's all been plus
twos. Wait, hold on. They've been
chatting actively. This isn't a
conspiracy at all, I don't think. Dog
dog lover 1111 just randomly started
promoting this person. And now after an
hour of judgment, there's only three
minutes left. Shindigs is minus 8.
Slimes is minus 8. Untrustables are
minus 8. The poor quick is going to get
banned. Come on. Three, two, one. Done.
Ladies and gentlemen, first off, I want
to congratulate everybody who through
hard work and dedication has proven
themselves as a great and trustworthy
member of the community. We are happy to
have you as part of the DDP. We look
forward to your labor contributing to
our economy. The rest of you, you
disgust me. Can you believe we were
chatting with these people among us?
They were in the midst fmenting,
plotting. Can you believe Mussolini was
all the mods collectively? I guess third
amendment Twitch racism quick sparse. So
here's what we do. Wrote a little script
called banhammer. It's going to
countdown for 10 seconds and then it
will simply type all the names. No,
please. Here's my compromise I'm willing
to offer you. A few final words. I
killed so many people. You're the type
of paranoid accusatory person we need in
this community. I saved so many people.
Why will I be banned? I killed so many
people. I think you answered your
question, man. How many people did you
kill? Were you just going around trying
to snipe other people and they started
targeting you? You're nearly as disliked
as trans phobia.
>> Hey Doug, first time watching your
stream. I've been feeling super judged
lately. Online dating's been rough, so
I'm really looking forward to finally
relaxing somewhere I won't be judged.
>> Evan Augman, did you survive? No, you
were not. Look, some person in this
community didn't think you were
trustworthy, okay? Don't try to pass it
off to yourself. Take some
accountability. Beginning purging 10 9 8
7 6 5 4 3 2 1.
>> And that's how I saved the community
from everybody who sought to disrupt our
national integrity and unity. Glory to
the DDP. Please don't ban me, China. I
really want to visit. Subscribe for
China. And it's done. I can smell it.
The smell of a new day. The bad ones are
gone, chat. Let it out. Say what you've
always wanted. I smell my fart. Okay. My
ass is so fat. Okay,
>> I am feeling so much savor now with all
of the serial killers and Satan in the
DDP.
>> I do need everybody to swear, chat, that
you'll be an honorable and trustworthy
member of the DDP.
>> RIP untrustworthy chatters. We will see
you at Cro where all scoundrels gather
07.
>> I love the idea that people in chat are
like, "Yeah, streaming. We kind of hang
out here cuz we're not allowed in Doug
Doug's channel." I started next to
Mussolini and ended next to Garfield
enemies.
>> That's wild that that's a real relevant
sentence. So, out of about 6,000 people,
3,800 of them were trustworthy. We had
500 neutrals and 1,600 untrustables. To
the neutrals, you guys got to make up
your mind. Are you going to add to this
community or are you going to detract
from this community?
>> Thank you guys for bringing me back from
minus 80.
>> Jesus, take the wheel.
>> I promise to uphold the values of the
community.
>> Wait, did you There's no way. Not paid
actor 35. You survived, dude. You are so
low. Purge everybody who's not neutral.
If I purge everybody who's positive, so
we just get very Hey guys, what do you
think about today's stream? It's okay. I
don't have strong feelings about it.
Yeah, I thought it was a little good and
it was a little bad. It's just the most
like boring milktoast Twitch stream
ever. I feel nothing. If I make a joke
and everybody else is laughing and other
people are like, "That wasn't even
funny." You just be like, "I have no
strong feelings about this joke." And
everybody claps.
>> I have no strong feelings one way or the
other.
dog as a fellow neutral. This was a very
midstream.
>> What's the most neutral song I have?
I'll make a song. This was a perfectly
normal stream. I have no opinion on this
stream. This stream was neither good nor
bad.